[docs] fix autograd description on convex function case (#148658)
pytorch/pytorch: docs/source/notes/autograd.rst

To try and reduce the impact of functions that are non-differentiable, we define the gradients of the elementary operations by applying the following rules in order:

#. If the function is differentiable and thus a gradient exists at the current point, use it.

> #. If the function is convex (at least locally), use the sub-gradient of minimum norm (it is the least steep descent direction).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. If the function is convex (at least locally), use the sub-gradient of minimum norm (it is the steepest ascent direction).
```

Author: It's actually not the steepest ascent. For example, in y = abs(x) at x=0, the steepest descent / ascent sub gradient is -1  and 1 interchangeably, but pytorch uses gradient at 0. see the PR description https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/pull/148658#issue-2900027217. I changed it to `flattest descent direction` to avoid double negation @lezcano

Author: done! cc @albanD for review
